Hey, Takeo, did you wait long?
Oh, no, I just got here.
(Both laughing)
[BOTH]
HM! Yeah!
So, Suna, would you
like to go see a movie?
You like books and
watchin' movies, don'tcha?
I didn't bring much
money with me today-
[TAKEO]
That's perfect!
Huh?
Now, don't you worry!
It's all on me, my man!
I just got my paycheck!
So, let's hit the theater!
Woohoo!
Um. Okay... Thanks...
My name is Takeo Goda.
And I'm in high school!
Fall is almost upon us.
But for me,
it feels like spring!
♪Opening song♪
Did you actually see
the perpetrator, ma'am?
I did! I'm telling
you the truth!
(Takeo snoring)
[INVESTIGATOR]
See, I'm confused.
The streetlights in that area
wouldn't have been working
due to the blackout
from the lightning strike.
Takeo, wake up!
Suna, how'd you like the movie?
It was good, right?
The ending was different
from the book, but I'd
say I still enjoyed it.
Was it entertaining?
Yeah, was it entertaining?
Uh... Yeah,
I'd say it was.
[BOTH]
Aw, yeah!
(Chuckle)
What was that?
[TAKEO]
Anyway, I missed some stuff.
When did the bad guy die?
[RINKO]
While you were
asleep, Takeo.
[SUNA]
There was a guy who died.
But he wasn't the bad guy.
(Takeo and Rinko cheer)
Wow! Are you seeing this,
Suna? They're mountains!
They sure are.
How you like that, Suna?
Those are mountains!
Yep. Mountains.
[RINKO]
So, Suna, do you
like mountains?
[TAKEO]
Yeah, Suna! Mountains
sure are great, huh?
Yeah, well... I don't climb
them much, but...
Mm-hmm...
Having fun?
Enjoying yourself?
Mm-hmm... I'm having fun.
Aw, yeah!
[TAKEO]
Nice! Some empty tables.
We should take ourselves
a little break!
Hm. Sure, okay.
[BOTH]
Mm-hmm.
(Wind blows)
[TAKEO]
Suna!
(POP, POP)
[TAKEO AND RINKO]
Happy birthday!
(Giggling)
Now, make a wish!
Ehehe...
Huh?
Now wait...
Today IS your birthday.
I mean, isn't it?
It IS September 13th, right?
That's right. I was
born September 13th...
[SUNA]
Huh. Look at that.
Today's my birthday.
(Sighs of relief)
[SUNA]
You guys caught
me off guard.
I didn't know
what you were up to.
[TAKEO]
Must admit we did a pretty good
job sneaking this past you.
You're a very perceptive guy.
Yeah... I suppose.
Huh?
[SUNA]
It was definitely a surprise...
I'm not really
sure how to react.
[TAKEO]
Just be happy, man.
Hm...
[SUNA]
You're right.
I can be happy.
Thanks, guys.
(Giggle)
[BOTH]
We did it! HA!
[TAKEO]
I got you something.
What is this?
A blanket!
You're always
getting cold, right?
You sleep all wrapped up
like a grandma.
When you sleep, you kick
your blankets on the floor.
Well I've got
a lot of body heat!
Even my feet get hot. Sometimes
it's so bad that I can't sleep.
So I stick my feet on the
window to cool 'em down!
How cool! So your body's
like a big warm furnace!
(Bag rustles)
Huh?
Okay. I can use this.
Thanks a lot.
No problem.
It looks good on ya, Grandma!
Thanks.
(Door bell clangs)
Welcome to Macho's! Oh!
(Laughing)
[TAKEO]
It's on me today, so
order whatever you want.
You look really good
in your uniform!
(Squeaky fluttering)
I love her!
Here's the menu.
Oh, they have
protein tea?
Will I bulk up
if I drink it?
Ah! If I got all big and buff,
I bet I'd be able to whip up
some egg whites in no time!
You're probably right.
(Giggle)
Takeo, would you
still like me
if I was all big and
huge and muscly?
I would still like
you no matter what.
(Gasp)
(Both giggle)
[SUNA]
I'll just have
some orange juice.
Oh, and I'd like some
milk tea... Iced, please.
Why, certainly.
As you wish.
[TAKEO]
ORDER UP: ONE ORANGE JUICE
AND ONE ICED MILK TEA!
[RINKO]
Wow! Takeo working!
How neat is that?
I'm freaking out!
He's so big the tray
looks like a plate.
Yeah, you're right!
He's just the coolest!
[GUY]
That guy only works
here part time.
The owner asked
him not to quit,
so he just comes in
every now and then.
Must be nice.
He has quite a few
fans in this place.
You must be Takeo.
That right?
And who might you be?
Hmm. I think I
get it now...
You ARE an attractive guy.
So I can understand.
But... I win.
[TAKEO]
You looking for Takeo?
I'm right here.
Huh? Wha-?!
[GUY]
Eeuuuuhh...
[TAKEO]
That's my friend.
His name is Sunakawa.
Hold on! Just a second!
Wait, YOU'RE Sunakawa?!
And YOU'RE Takeo?
Yeah.
Goda?! The high school kid?
That's me!
You're Takeo Goda?
Yes! I am Takeo Goda!
What do you want with me?
Uh... Well, uh...
I... I don't want
any trouble.
I'm just...
Here, this is me.
[TAKEO]
Osaki University? Hayato Oda?
Yeah...? That's where my
sister goes to school.
Huh? Your sister?
(Bell clangs)
(Panting)
UH!
(Heavy breathing)
Oh! Hello again!
Good to see ya!
[AI]
Yeah, hi.
So sorry to
bother you at work.
It was really great
to catch up, guys.
Buh-bye now!
[AI]
I cannot BELIEVE
you showed up here.
Guess the two of them
must know each other.
I didn't know our favorite
sister was in town.
[SUNA]
Oh yeah, she did say
she was coming home
for the long weekend.
What the hell did you think
you were doing in there?!
Oh, come on.
What do you mean?
It's obvious.
I mean I told you that I have
feelings for you, didn't I?
Huh?
I couldn't help myself.
I had to see this...
this guy you're in love with.
I had to see the
man between us...
This Takeo Goda.
Seriously, that was
really the guy?
Not some joke, not some
weirdo pretending to be him?
Yes that's him, you
stupid piece of crap!
Got a problem with that?!
I mean, how could I possibly
have expected you'd be into
a guy like that?!
I ended up talking
to your brother instead!
Are you kidding?
(Gasp)
You said he looked like a
beautiful flower for God's sake!
AAHHHH!
(Whimpering)
And that girl..
was Takeo's girlfriend?
Rinko Yamato, or whatever?
(Sigh)
Yes, that IS her.
And I have no interest in
getting my heart broken again.
[AI]
You got what you came here for.
Now please just go back home!
[ODA]
I'm not going back.
Not until I've had a good long
talk with that Takeo fellow
and find out exactly what
kind of guy he really is.
I need to know what it takes
for you to fall in love with
someone. Especially me.
Oda, no!
You at least owe
me that much.
I mean, he is the whole
reason you won't go
out with me, isn't he?
Please don't do this!
If you get involved, it'll
just get really complicated!
Mind your own business!
Those two are perfectly happy.
She is a really nice girl, okay?
And I'm totally fine with it!
I have already
come to terms with this.
Can't you leave this whole thing
alone? And leave me alone!
You have to go.
You have to go home.
Hmph...
I'll walk you to
the train station!
Let's go!
Get a move-on!
Hmph... Coming, my love.
I have a question
for you, my dear.
How did you know that
I'd be at THAT cafe?
Did you follow me?
[AI]
Ugh. You sent me a text
that said, "I'm going to
see Takeo right now"!
[RINKO]
It was nice to see
Suna's sister again.
[TAKEO]
Haven't seen her since
their dad's surgery.
I know, right?
She gave me a lot of sisterly
advice last time she was here.
With what?
Oh, well, uh...
She helped me a whole
bunch with stuff about you.
So I'd like to
thank her if I could.
I wonder if she'd like it
if I baked her something.
Yeah! I'm sure
she'd love that!
Good!
(Content sigh)
But I wonder what the deal
was with that guy...
That was weird.
I know!
Seemed like they must have
some history or somethin'.
[AI]
I'm home!
[SUNA]
Hey there.
[AI]
Oh, can I have
some coffee, too?
[SUNA]
How long are you
staying this time?
Oomph. I'll be heading
out Sunday night.
(Sigh)
[SUNA]
So did that friend
of yours go back?
Yeah, I was just walking
him to the station.
(Gasp)
Did Takeo say anything
about today?
No, not really.
He didn't...
(Dejected sigh)
By the way, when did he start
working at Macho's, anyway?
This past summer.
His girlfriend doesn't
say anything about it?
I think she kinda likes it.
Yeah... I guess he did
look pretty hot
in that little uniform,
didn't he?
(Giggle)
Hm...
(Chewing and snarling)
Wonder where Ms. Yamato and I
go with my latest paycheck.
OOH!
[RINKO, ON PHONE]
MM Land? That sounds fun.
I love that place!
But it can be kinda pricey.
Bingo!
Would you like to
go there sometime?
What?! Oh!
Uuh...
I think I'll pass.
Oh, okay...
[TAKEO]
She said, "What?! Oh! Oh..."
What do you think
that means?! Help me!
[TAKEO]
Oops, that's right.
His sister is here visiting.
Hello there, Ai.
[TAKEO]
Once when I was just a kid,
I accidentally barged in on her
when she was in her pajamas.
I was pretty embarrassed.
She didn't seem to mind.
But I still probably shouldn't
just walk in whenever I want.
Takeo, I'm sorry
about earlier.
Huh?
At the cafe, I mean.
Was that guy a
friend of yours?
Uh... more like we
attended the same seminar.
So, not a friend?
I'm sorry if he was rude.
No, I was the
one rude one.
I thought he was messing
with Suna, so I was a
little harsh. Sorry.
(Chuckle)
[AI]
So, what's wrong, Takeo?
Huh?
There's something you wanted
to ask my brother about.
Oh... Well, I invited Ms. Yamato
to go with me to MM Land ...
but she didn't really seem
all that excited about it...
But it's MM Land.
It was like she wanted
to go... but didn't.
(Sigh)
Not sure what's going on.
(Ai laughs)
I can ask her for you, okay?
Oooooohhh!
We can all have
tea tomorrow!
And I'll just casually throw it
out there while we're talking.
You're the best ever!
[AI]
Just leave it to me!
Thanks, Sis!
Well, see you tomorrow!
Hm...
You really can't leave
him to his own devices.
Uh! What?!
Hey, c'mon don't
look at me like that!
Don't worry, it's
not the same anymore.
(Sigh)
I really want to
support them.
Besides, they were
meant for each other.
Hm... I honestly do want
the two of them to live
happily ever after.
[RINKO]
Takeo!
(Giggling)
It's been a while!
[RINKO]
Hey there, Sis!
Good to see you!
So do you prefer to drink
black tea over coffee?
Oh I drink coffee,
too. I like both.
What about you?
What do you like?
I think I prefer black tea.
Yeah, I guess
you would.
I like to drink water.
Oh, and juice, too.
[AI]
Takeo, you're such a kid!
So, uh, hey...
Huh?
Have you ever been to MM Land?
Ack. She didn't
waste any time.
Oh, yeah.
That place is so much
fun. I just love it.
Probably for the best.
Avoiding the issue would
just make things awkward.
[RINKO]
Yeah, totally! Me too!
What? She loves it?
[AI]
Then, why don't you
want to go with Takeo?
Huh?
(Confident chuckle)
[SUNA]
Way to go, Sis.
Very tactful.
Oh, um. It's just,
I can't go with Takeo.
How come? Is it because you
said it was so expensive?
No, that's not it.
You're the one person I
DON'T want to go there with.
ACK!
Oh, I'm a huge fan
of MM Land myself!
(BEEP BEEP BEEP)
Oda! What are you doing?
I though you went back!
Since I'm in town...
Couldn't pass up the
chance to visit Skytree.
I am sorry about how
I acted yesterday.
I had no idea you were an
acquaintance of Suna's sister.
Uhh... Hehe...
[ODA]
Really?
Does that mean she referred to
me as a mere acquaintance?
That's so cold!
I wouldn't confess my unending
love to just anyone.
UUGGHHH!
Aw, are you saying that you
came all the way out here
to pursue her?
Yes. But alas,
she has rejected me.
Huh?
Oh wow. So this guy
was in love with her.
He doesn't seem
so bad anymore.
Get this... she told me she
was in love with someone else.
HEY!
Oh, she has a crush!
But sadly, her love
is unrequited, as well.
[TAKEO]
What?! Unrequited?!
Who would do that to Sis?
They deserve a good pounding!
Uhh...
Afraid it can't be helped.
This fella already has
a girlfriend.
Okay. I guess that sort of
thing can happen sometimes.
If you keep on talking, you're
going to be in a world of pain.
That's... really
close to my eyeball.
So, is the reason you
don't want to go to MM Land
because of the jinx?
The one where if
you go as a couple,
then you'll break up?
Uh... Yeah. Actually...
Yes, that IS the reason.
What? You serious?
I've heard about this one
myself. It's kinda strange.
There's a jinx!
I guess I don't pay much
attention to stuff like that.
But I have known some
people who are pretty
superstitious.
When I hear about
things like that...
I just can't risk it.
I don't care how slim
of a chance it is, or
how silly it sounds...
I don't want anything bad
to happen to Takeo and me.
Why don't you
all go together?!
Huh?
Then it won't be
just the two of you.
It wouldn't be a date.
The jinx wouldn't apply!
OHH!
And I'll come too. M'kay?
I cannot believe
you just did that!
Yeah?!
You are the freakin' worst!
What do you say, you guys?
(Giggle)
Ooohh!
Then we can still go together!
Heck yeah!
Thank you so much, Oda!
Thanks a lot!
[RINKO]
You know, Takeo,
they have this thing
called The Sparkle Parade!
What?! Is it sparkly?!
It's totally sparkly!
I love sparkles!
This is great. I was really
wanting to see it with you.
She's so wonderful.
[TAKEO]
And now we can!
[RINKO]
Yeah!
(Sigh)
All right!
So why don't we
all go tomorrow?
Is everyone free?
[BOTH]
Yes!
And of course, what
about you there, sport?
What? Me, too?
When's the last time
you went somewhere
with your sister?
Me?!
Okay, it's
settled, then.
I'll just need
everyone's e-mail!
You are really
pushing it, mister!
I can't wait for tomorrow!
I have no idea what to wear!
Oh, they have this ride.
It is crazy fast. You
are going to love it...
Takeo's girlfriend
really is a sweetheart.
Wouldn't you say so?
Yeah she's real cute.
And she totally loves Takeo.
She's a real nice,
lovely girl.
Yeah she IS a lovely
girl. Although...
Hm?
There's only one girl for
me. And that's you, baby.
Ugghh... GAH!
Okey-dokey!
I'll text everyone
when and where to meet up!
See ya tomorrow!
(Both sigh)
Why did you tell him how
you felt about Takeo?
I didn't. Well,
maybe I kinda did.
But it certainly
wasn't on purpose.
Uh, what?
[AI]
We were all hanging out
after the seminar,
and someone there said
they could do hypnosis.
Well, I ended up saying
some stuff. So apparently...
it works.
So you might avoid
being hypnotized.
If you know what I mean.
Guess so.
(Beep)
(Jingle)
Uh!
(Girly scream)
Evening!
Phew. Hey there, Takeo.
You scared the
crap outta me.
Oh, I just finished
texting everyone
about tomorrow.
'Kay. Thanks a lot!
Mm-hmm...
Hmm...
What are you
doing out here?
Oh. Just figuring out where
I'm going to stay tonight.
I only booked a hotel
through last night.
He came all the way
here just to see her.
Maybe I'll just go to an
internet cafe or somethin'...
You can stay at my house
if you want.
Huh?
Mm-hmm!
[TAKEO]
I'M HOME!
[YURIKO]
Hey, Take!
Mom, this is Oda.
He needs a
place to stay.
It's a pleasure to
meet you, ma'am.
I'm terribly sorry
for any imposition.
Nonsense. Make
yourself at home.
[ODA]
This is amazing!
And salmon!
I can't believe how many
dishes there are!
I live alone. I haven't eaten
like this in a long time...
Hey, son.
Who's your friend?
Oh! You must be
Takeo's dad!
I'm Oda! A friend
of your son.
Thanks for having me!
Well then...
It's nice to meet ya. Alrighty.
[ODA]
Do you invite people
over a lot?
Your parents were really
cool about me being here.
Nah, I don't have people
over that much.
(Ticking)
Takeo...
Huuuh?
Whenever you first met her,
did Ai Sunakawa scare you?
Wouldn't say scared.
Ahaha!
Yeah, yeah. Probably not...
I guess YOU wouldn't be
scared of much, huh?
Well, she terrified me.
I'm nowhere near as
intense as she is.
She comes right atcha.
I just talk my way outta things.
Which really came back to
bite me in the butt one day.
I totally lost all of the final
paperwork for a seminar.
And tried to B. S.
my way out of it.
The professor got so mad
he threatened to flunk me
so I wouldn't graduate.
(Girls consoling)
[ODA]
I got lots of sympathy.
Everyone I knew felt bad for me.
But, that doesn't do much
good in the long run.
Except for her.
She was pissed at me.
And let me have it.
You idiot! You cannot
just weasel your way
through life, Oda!
You need to straighten up!
[AI]
Stop making excuses and start
taking responsibility!
[ODA]
I'm not sure why, but she
came with me to apologize.
And in the end, she even
found everything I'd lost.
Here, you moron!
They were in the
stupid cafeteria.
I swear, boys can't
find anything!
She's kinda awesome like that.
Yeah... the two of us
are the same age,
but she's so much
more mature.
I can't even
call her by name.
That sounds like
her alright.
When did I first
meet her again?
It's like she's been in my
life before I even knew it.
Takeo! What are you doing
wearing your undershirt
on top of your clothes?!
If she hadn't been around
to help me out,
I don't think I would've
ever shown up at school
with all my clothes on.
[ODA]
Even if...
she's fallen head-over-heals
in love with some other guy.
I will accept
whatever she chooses.
Hmm...
It could mean...
[ODA]
That she'll never fall
into these arms of mine.
Takeo...
Hmm...
This guy is a real man.
Good night, Takeo.
G'night.
(Ringing)
Well good morning, Takeo!
Good morning, Sis.
Good morning, Sis!
Waaauughhh!
What the hell are you
doing at Takeo's place?!
He let me stay the night.
How could you do this?!
He sure goes to bed early,
doesn't he?!
Yes, I know!
Oda...
Tell me you kept
your big mouth shut...
I didn't say
anything. I swear!
(Both sigh)
I have a plan...
While we're at MM Land today...
I'll separate Takeo from
his girlfriend for a bit.
Then the two of you will have
some time alone together.
That's your chance to
confess your love to him.
(Gasp)
You said you were fine,
but that's not true.
You can't let go 'cause you
never told him how you feel.
HM!
Confess your love...
It's the only way you'll
ever be able to move on.
♪Closing song♪
[TAKEO]
Next episode:
My Jinx.